before we begin let me start by saying
this movie is mostly talking so much
talking they should just called it casa
blah blah
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah movie today are
sam spade the woman from notorious which
also starred claude reigns
and the bad guy from notorious that also
starred england bachmann
play our story begins in the moroccan
city
called casa blah blah blah blah blah
blah
where folks coming to make their way to
the united states to get away from one
of the most evilest dictators in history
who trims his mustache to look like
charlie chaplin and nain about bowing
down to an unoriginal [ __ ] like that
so a little backstory moment where we
learned somebody killed two officers and
made off with a couple of passport-like
thingies
that let people get out of the bad
places being controlled by the
aforementioned evilest dictator with the
charlie chaplin front and facial hair
but our story really begins at rick's
cafe american
that's french for rick's american teddy
bear which is owned and operated by okay
rick
and let's not forget sam tickle them
ivor is sam
i was supposed to yell that but i'm too
tired maybe i'll do it later so anyway
okay rick gets a visit from this little
fella named you gotti
and he's like rick you know what i got
it and rick's like
what you got it and he says i gotta
these here letters of transit
and the moral of this story is now rick
got in the letters of transit
outside the club we meet rick's buddy
captain renault who's planning a little
arrest tonight to snag you got in front
of god and everybody
and okay rick says i'll stick my neck
out for nobody
and renault tells him this man named
laszlo is gonna bust up in the club
tonight to try to buy those letters of
transit from you got it
and he's bringing his wife to whom rick
used to slip his little ricky
so they try to arrest you got it but not
before they have a little wild west
showdown so the locals can feel like the
club lives up to its name
and okay wreck walks off like a cold
cucumber and says
i'll stick my neck out for nobody well
okay captain repeats himself
and then walks last low and that booty i
mean beauty
her name is ilsa not to be confused with
elsa
they sit down with captain renault and
have a little convo about why the hell
sam looks so familiar to ilsa and why
renault much like elsa has the hots for
okay rick well laszlo's off chatting
with a man about how everybody thought
leslow was dead and how the man laszlo
was supposed to meet here got
it himself arrested ilsa asks for sam to
come over and play her song
and rick is no longer okay he buzzed up
on that mad as hell looking like he just
found out he's wearing peter lord's
underpants but he's just gonna sit down
and converse and pretend like he ain't
hit it anyway since they can't get it
those letters of transit
rick and elsa have a little romantic
exchange about their rendezvous in paris
and they little love diddy
after she leaves gets rick-faced i mean
rick gets
faced and rick reminisces about how he
and elsa used to clink their champagne
glasses
and by clink i mean bump and buy
champagne glasses
i mean uglies memories
like the corners of my mind what went
down was
once upon a time rick and elsa met in
paris and fell in love because elsa's
husband laszlo had been in an evil
dictate a bad place
and elsa thought he was dead but he
wasn't and today the bad folks were
about to invade paris rick was gonna
leave and take elsa with him
but she just can't go because she found
out her husband is still alive
but rick don't even know she's married
because i know don't tell nobody
so she just stands rick up leaving him
to take off rain soaked on the train
like a lonely douche
so elsa comes back and tries to explain
but rick makes it
to himself and elsa leaves and now rick
is bummed
so the bad guys are like hey laszlo
let's pretend like we're wayne brady and
let's make a deal
you getting letters of transit if you
give us the names of all the folks who
think we're sh
so now pretend like we're having mandel
dealing no deal
and laszlo's like no deal bit later rick
finds out ilsa was married to laszlo the
whole time they was in paris playing
hide to baguette
leslie and elsa find out you got it no
longer guided the letters of transit and
renault
casually questions the man he loves
about whether he knows what happened to
them letters
back at the club this lady tells rick
renault has offered her some letters of
transit
but since she ain't got a no money he's
willing to accept payment with nature's
credit card
wink wink but rick is changed by love
and he don't want that poor lady to have
to play pizza face with retinol
that's rick's job so he tells the lady's
husband to try 22
because rick's gambling tables are
shadier than a leno
will you want another metaphor i don't
told y'all i'm tired
so victor goes to see if rick got it
them letters because laszlo is a vip
and the resistance needs him but rick's
saltier than a
than a bag of great value potato chips
and laszlo's like
there must be some reason why you won't
let me have them and rick's like
i suggest you ask your wife because he's
colder than
colder than my nipples in the middle of
january
so leslow takes it out on the evil
dictator with the charlie chaplin lip
rug
and interrupts the evil dictator song
with their own song
then the whole bob joins in and drowns
out all the evil and elsa just sit there
like
that's my man and now the evil dudes are
like right now
shut this place down so renault is like
no more party
you ain't got to go home but you got to
get the hell out of here
then one of the evil dictators is like
you'll need to get it back to france or
elsa we gonna have to put the hurt on
you
layla laslo asks ilsef while he was away
she got herself some of that rip
but of course she says no and runs off
to try to convince rick to give her them
damn lettuce or else is she gonna have
to put the hurt on him
but he's like go ahead just put me out
of my damn misery
tiny peter's tiny draws are just too
damn tight but she's like
oh rick you have no idea how sad i was
to find out my husband wasn't dead
and then she spills all the beans and
she promises rick she'll stay with him
if he'll give
laszlo one of them damn letters and she
ain't sad about it or nothing
then laszlo comes to the club wounded
elsa sneaks out
and rick and laszlo engage in some more
blah blah blah blah blah blah
and lazlo tells rick to take those
letters of transit and leave the country
with his wife
so then laszlo getty arrested and rick
just sit there like
damn i'm good but rick goes to renault
and it's like
hey you know you need some better
charges on laszlo you let him out
i'll sell him the letters you can be
there to arrest him and i'll take his
woman so when everybody's at the club
plot twists
rick pulls a piece on randolph and tells
him to get on the horn and tell the
folks at the airport to let the two
people coming in leave in peace
at the airport rick gives elsa his
boring good guy monologue
you're leaving with your husband blah
blah blah
i'll trick you into doing this right
thing because apparently starring out
movie women can't think for themselves
in 1942 blah blah blah blah blah
so this movie gonna pay me as the great
sacrificial hero while you just stand
here and cry because you're stuck with
little laszlo
and let's face it that just ain't got
the same ring to it as lil ricky
so elsa takes off with her man rick
shoots an officer and when the cops pull
up
renault tells them rick didn't do it and
they need to go round up the usual
suspects
then rick and renault walk away and
discuss their escape in their future and
live happily ever after the
end wait so somebody else gonna get the
blame for killing the man rick killed
i ain't even taking sam that ain't a
happy ending
be sure to like share and subscribe
because as time goes by
you want to be sure you guided your
regular fixing mouth
and everyone join me in wishing a happy
birthday to one of our longtime muffins
whiskey whiskey you all that and a bag
of potato chips
but not great value because you ain't
that salty for movies explained for
i'm jab bogey die
here's looking at you muffins